Since I was a child, I have had many babies and children,
Is it difficult to identify herbal medicines by mistake?
Are you feeling guilty?
I have no guilty conscience,
Just explain it to you.
I know you hate me,
It’s you and you who love you first.
I will come face to face with you, and from now on, we will never see each other again.
My dear wish, you just want to be fair, please care.
I didn't expect to see the palace like this.
Dear wish, you tried every means to drive it,
Now I just want to escape,
Could it be that everything in the past was a lie to me?
Yes, go back quickly!
You are here, Second Division!
What's going to happen?
Your Lord, the military leader, is holding a counterfeit film in memory of his own county love.
Is there going to be something great?
I didn't ask you to do it
You have to be good to be able to participate
What's the big deal first?